A mother is perhaps one of the most influential role models in a person's life. From the moment of conception to well into adulthood, a mother is a constant presence, providing guidance, support, and love. As such, it is no wonder that many people look up to their mothers as role models.

My mother is a pilot who soars high in the sky and is my role model. It's very fantastic, and I aspire to be like her. I learn a lot from her and obey her because I believe that if I do what she says, one day I will be able to be like her. She is a mother, a pilot, a driver, a cook, and a wonderful person all at once. I aspire not just to be a pilot like her, but also to have her personality.

I admire her discipline; despite the fact that she is a working person, she manages everything so well that even my friend's parents compliment her. I've seen many of my friends' homes that are poorly managed, but she's given us training so that even my younger brother keeps his belongings properly.

She is also a very good cook, and she experiments with different recipes so that we can eat restaurant food at home. She learned to cook after her marriage and is now one of the best, and I'm sure she could be a Master Chef. Really, an incredible personality.

She is always willing to lend a helping hand to those in need, and she goes out of her way to make others feel valued and appreciated. Her empathy and generosity of spirit have shown me that true happiness comes from giving to others. Her example has inspired me to be a better person and to make a positive impact in the world.

Her fashion sense, she feels that if a person is busy, they should dress according to their schedule, like if you have very little time, opt for a sloppy appearance, with a watch and a loose syphon cloth and a messy haircut.

I can't think of a single subject where she isn't flawless; not only do I learn from her, but so do others. In fact, she is never dissatisfied and never dwells on the past.

thankfully I found my inspiration close to home. She is my mother, mentor, best friend, and furthermore.  But, all in all, she is a wonderful person and a role model for all of us. I'm hoping I could be half as good as she is. I'm never dissatisfied since she's always there to look after me and pushes me to try new things. We all learn from a lot of people, and she is one of them. Besides from mom, I'd like to thank my teacher and friends for their contributions to my motivation.
